MNT: Document stacklevel parameter in contribution guide (#4066)
scikit-image/scikit-image: CONTRIBUTING.txt

(like when we can't detect the change, or it involves moving or deleting an
entire function for example).

Scikit-image uses warnings to highlight changes in its API so that users may
update their code accordingly. The ``stacklevel`` argument sets the location in
the callstack where the warnings will point. In most cases, it is appropriate
to set the ``stacklevel`` to ``2``.  When warnings originate from helper
routines internal to the scikit-image library, it is may be more appropriate to
set the ``stacklevel`` to ``3``. For more information, see the documentation of
the `warn <https://docs.python.org/3/library/warnings.html#warnings.warn>`__
function in the Python standard library.

To test if your warning is being emitted correctly, try calling the function

> from an python console. You it should point you to the python console itself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from an IPython console. It should point you to the console input itself
```

> instead of being emitted by the files in the scikit-image library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instead of being emitted by the files in the scikit-image library.
```
